fredseguincv/DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment Instructions

This file contains step-by-step instructions for deploying the Fred Seguin website to GitHub Pages.

## Prerequisites

1. You have push access to the GitHub repository: `danieloseguin67/fredseguinsouschefcv`
2. You have Node.js and npm installed
3. You have installed all project dependencies with `npm install`

## Quick Deployment

The easiest way to deploy is using the npm script:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

This single command will:
1. Build the project with production optimizations
2. Set the correct base href for GitHub Pages (`/fredseguinsouschefcv/`)
3. Deploy the built files to the `gh-pages` branch
4. Push to GitHub

## Manual Deployment Steps

If you prefer to deploy manually or the automatic deployment fails:

### Step 1: Build the Project

```bash
npm run build:prod
```

This creates optimized production files in `dist/fredseguincv/browser/`

### Step 2: Navigate to Build Directory

```bash
cd dist/fredseguincv/browser
```

### Step 3: Prepare for GitHub Pages

Create a `.nojekyll` file to prevent Jekyll processing:

```bash
# Windows (PowerShell)
New-Item .nojekyll -type file

# macOS/Linux
touch .nojekyll
```

Copy index.html to 404.html for SPA routing:

```bash
# Windows
copy index.html 404.html

# macOS/Linux
cp index.html 404.html
```

### Step 4: Initialize Git and Push

```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Deploy to GitHub Pages"
git remote add origin https://github.com/danieloseguin67/fredseguinsouschefcv.git
git branch -M gh-pages
git push -f origin gh-pages
```

### Step 5: Configure GitHub Pages

1. Go to your GitHub repository: https://github.com/danieloseguin67/fredseguinsouschefcv
2. Click on **Settings**
3. Scroll down to **Pages** in the left sidebar
4. Under **Source**, select:
   - Branch: `gh-pages`
   - Folder: `/ (root)`
5. Click **Save**

### Step 6: Wait for Deployment

GitHub Pages will build and deploy your site. This usually takes 1-5 minutes.

You can check the deployment status:
1. Go to the **Actions** tab in your repository
2. Look for the latest "pages build and deployment" workflow

### Step 7: Access Your Site

Once deployed, your site will be available at:
**https://danieloseguin67.github.io/fredseguinsouschefcv/**

## Troubleshooting

### Issue: 404 errors on page refresh

**Solution**: Make sure you created the 404.html file (Step 3 above). This handles Angular routing on GitHub Pages.

### Issue: CSS/Assets not loading

**Solution**: Check that the base href is correctly set to `/fredseguinsouschefcv/` in the build command.

### Issue: Cannot push to repository

**Solution**: Make sure you have push permissions. You may need to authenticate with GitHub:
```bash
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
git config --global user.email "your-email@example.com"
```

### Issue: Build fails

**Solution**: 
1. Delete `node_modules` and `package-lock.json`
2. Run `npm install` again
3. Try building again

### Issue: Old version still showing

**Solution**: 
1. Clear your browser cache (Ctrl+Shift+R or Cmd+Shift+R)
2. Wait a few minutes for GitHub's CDN to update
3. Check the commit in the gh-pages branch to confirm new files were pushed

## Updating the Site

To update the deployed site after making changes:

1. Make your changes in the source code
2. Test locally with `npm start`
3. Run `npm run deploy` again

The deployment script will automatically rebuild and redeploy the updated version.

## Custom Domain (Optional)

If you want to use a custom domain:

1. Add a file named `CNAME` to the `public` folder with your domain:
   ```
   www.example.com
   ```

2. Configure your domain's DNS settings:
   - Add a CNAME record pointing to `danieloseguin67.github.io`

3. In GitHub repository settings > Pages, enter your custom domain

## Important Notes

- The `gh-pages` branch is automatically created and managed by the deployment process
- Never manually edit the `gh-pages` branch
- Always work on the `main` branch and deploy from there
- Make sure all images are added to `public/assets/images/` before deploying

## Support

For issues with deployment, check:
- GitHub Pages documentation: https://docs.github.com/en/pages
- Angular deployment guide: https://angular.dev/cli/deploy

---

Happy deploying! 🚀

Commit message:

Add automated deployment script and update documentation for custom domain

fredseguincv/DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment Instructions

This file contains step-by-step instructions for deploying the Fred Seguin website to the custom domain https://fred.seguin.dev/.

## Prerequisites

1. You have push access to the GitHub repository: `danieloseguin67/fredseguinsouschefcv`
2. You have Node.js and npm installed
3. You have installed all project dependencies with `npm install`
4. DNS CNAME record is configured to point `fred.seguin.dev` to `danieloseguin67.github.io`

## Quick Deployment

The easiest way to deploy is using the PowerShell deployment script:

```powershell
# From the workspace root directory
.\deploy.ps1
```

This single script will:
1. Build the project with production optimizations
2. Copy files from the browser subfolder to docs root (required for custom domain)
3. Commit and push changes to GitHub

Alternatively, you can use the npm script (but you'll need to manually copy files afterward):

```bash
npm run deploy
```
2. Set the correct base href for GitHub Pages (`/fredseguinsouschefcv/`)
3. Deploy the built files to the `gh-pages` branch
4. Push to GitHub

## Manual Deployment Steps

If you prefer to deploy manually or the automatic deployment fails:

### Step 1: Build the Project

```bash
npm run build:prod
```

This creates optimized production files in `dist/fredseguincv/browser/`

### Step 2: Navigate to Build Directory

```bash
cd dist/fredseguincv/browser
```

### Step 3: Prepare for GitHub Pages

Create a `.nojekyll` file to prevent Jekyll processing:

```bash
# Windows (PowerShell)
New-Item .nojekyll -type file

# macOS/Linux
touch .nojekyll
```

Copy index.html to 404.html for SPA routing:

```bash
# Windows
copy index.html 404.html

# macOS/Linux
cp index.html 404.html
```

### Step 4: Initialize Git and Push

```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Deploy to GitHub Pages"
git remote add origin https://github.com/danieloseguin67/fredseguinsouschefcv.git
git branch -M gh-pages
git push -f origin gh-pages
```

### Step 5: Configure GitHub Pages

1. Go to your GitHub repository: https://github.com/danieloseguin67/fredseguinsouschefcv
2. Click on **Settings**
3. Scroll down to **Pages** in the left sidebar
4. Under **Source**, select:
   - Branch: `gh-pages`
   - Folder: `/ (root)`
5. Click **Save**

### Step 6: Wait for Deployment

GitHub Pages will build and deploy your site. This usually takes 1-5 minutes.

You can check the deployment status:
1. Go to the **Actions** tab in your repository
2. Look for the latest "pages build and deployment" workflow

### Step 7: Access Your Site

Once deployed, your site will be available at:
**https://danieloseguin67.github.io/fredseguinsouschefcv/**

## Troubleshooting

### Issue: 404 errors on page refresh

**Solution**: Make sure you created the 404.html file (Step 3 above). This handles Angular routing on GitHub Pages.

### Issue: CSS/Assets not loading

**Solution**: Check that the base href is correctly set to `/fredseguinsouschefcv/` in the build command.

### Issue: Cannot push to repository

**Solution**: Make sure you have push permissions. You may need to authenticate with GitHub:
```bash
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
git config --global user.email "your-email@example.com"
```

### Issue: Build fails

**Solution**: 
1. Delete `node_modules` and `package-lock.json`
2. Run `npm install` again
3. Try building again

### Issue: Old version still showing

**Solution**: 
1. Clear your browser cache (Ctrl+Shift+R or Cmd+Shift+R)
2. Wait a few minutes for GitHub's CDN to update
3. Check the commit in the gh-pages branch to confirm new files were pushed

## Updating the Site

To update the deployed site after making changes:

1. Make your changes in the source code
2. Test locally with `npm start`
3. Run `npm run deploy` again

The deployment script will automatically rebuild and redeploy the updated version.

## Custom Domain (Optional)

If you want to use a custom domain:

1. Add a file named `CNAME` to the `public` folder with your domain:
   ```
   www.example.com
   ```

2. Configure your domain's DNS settings:
   - Add a CNAME record pointing to `danieloseguin67.github.io`

3. In GitHub repository settings > Pages, enter your custom domain

## Important Notes

- The `gh-pages` branch is automatically created and managed by the deployment process
- Never manually edit the `gh-pages` branch
- Always work on the `main` branch and deploy from there
- Make sure all images are added to `public/assets/images/` before deploying

## Support

For issues with deployment, check:
- GitHub Pages documentation: https://docs.github.com/en/pages
- Angular deployment guide: https://angular.dev/cli/deploy

---

Happy deploying! 🚀
